I think having the right training degree or experiences is very important.
While you're in the military, it's gonna it's gonna really characterize
your service and to what jobs you are qualified for. But more
importantly, you know, most of our life has done outside the military.
Eventually, one day we do get out and Soto have, ah, competitive
degree or experience that will translate out in the civilian world.
I think is very crucial. And sometimes those degrees don't match
up. For instance, maybe you are wanna be a business person, but in the
Navy, you're a swot or you're an aviator. So having a degree, an
MBA and business might be something that will put you at the next level
out in the civilian world. So I think it just depends on your goals
and your situation.